doc: change to hyphenated keys (#5909)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/reference/datasources/oracle.rst

----------------------------

A boolean, defaulting to False. If set to True on an OCI Virtual Machine,

> ``cloud-init`` will fetch networking meta-data from Oracle's IMDS and use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``cloud-init`` will fetch networking meta-data from Oracle's instance metadata service and use it
```
